# Project Log 4
Today, I managed to get the Isaac Sim action graphs to publish the image topic which is in-line with what Dr. Livingston
wanted to have by the end of the week. Andrew and I have been going through the ROS2 docs slowly and learning how to 
control the robotic manipulators. 

The way that I got the images to publish to ROS2 Humble is by clicking the Isaac Utils ribbon tab and then going to the Common Omnigraphs option which shows a list of ActionGraphs that you can use to handle common robotics tasks. The current plan is to have the simulator work in line with the real-system. This means that we create a version of the scene in the sim that mimics the real-life setup. Then we can run the task with either the sim data or the real-world data. So far I have dynamically generated the scene based a variety of setup params. I still have to implement the controls and the sensing algorithms. I would rather handle that outside of Isaac with ROS if I could which would make the program more extensible. I should meet with Livingston to get a good reminder of what we are trying to do. 

I assume we want to connect the sim to all the ROS nodes that are already developed and deployable to sim or real data. We can use a sim namespace for all the topics which the sim outputs. This would let us let us specify whether to run the sim or real and if we want to have both then we can by running two launch files with a sim param and real param. Then we could write some scripts on top to handle any of the sensor fusion logic that we want if we were to implement controls to the real-based on that. 

... I'm still trying to figure out the best workflow for handling complex robotics tasks. My current hunch is to handle the sim setup, synthetic data-sensing, and asset control via Isaac. Any logic, computation, or misc. should be handled outside of Isaac Sim because it is a lot harder to work with. This approach also makes the code extensible and easy to repurpose rather than having it tailored in a very specific format that may be hard to reimplement because it is reliant on the specific structure of how Isaac Sim interacts with code. Additionally, it might be easier to run computation because we can use the fast libs in Python or write the code in C++. 
